structs: reject negative cores value in task resources (#28282)
hashicorp/nomad: .changelog/10511.txt

```release-note:bug

> jobspec: Fixed a bug where a negative `cores` value in a task's resource block was silently accepted during job validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
jobspec: Fixed a bug where a negative `cores` value in a task's resource block was accepted during job validation and registration
```
